[Configuration] Multiple environments in a single file (#16313)
symfony/symfony-docs: configuration.rst

all environments share a large base of common configuration, which is put in
files directly in the ``config/packages/`` directory.

.. tip::

>     Starting from Symfony 5.3, you can also define options for different environments in a single file :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define options for different environments in a single configuration file.

.. versionadded:: 5.3

     The ability to defined different environments in a single file was introduced in Symfony 5.3.
```

I would document more like this :)
nice addition in the doc

Author: This is better, indeed. :) Thanks!
